the world is changing fast and if we are
not ready if we are not prepared we are
going to get swiped off our feet you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you in today's video we're
going to talk about the big changes that
are happening right now today there's
East and West These two factions
continue to be at odds with each other
and I'm going to explain exactly what's
going on right here where the money is
Flowing to where it's leaving you need
to be aware of this information
potentially to take advantage of it and
I want to break that down right here and
now let's begin first things first the
brics Nations you are seeing the two
circumstances uh that we have the old
and the new and it is very clear that
the US dollar is one currency that has
had so much domination and yet countries
are saying we want to lay off the dollar
as much as possible and so what happened
here is we had South Africa's Central
Bank governor
the quote the that Emerging Markets run
a serious risk of becoming permanently
more prone to currency depreciation and
higher inflation because of course the
United States can do what they want and
that has an impact to everybody globally
because they are holding on to US
dollars but these countries they're at
the mercy of what the US does and have
no say in the matter so of course they
have a reason to reduce their dependence
on the United States and the US dollar
there's no question about it so that is
front and center that's what I talk
about at the money GPS and we look at
that the reserve currencies are very
important and overwhelmingly the United
States is that one it's at about 58% of
total Global reserves then you look at
number two and is way down the list and
so things will take a long time to
change but it is happening countries
like China continue to sell off their US
debt other countries are looking at it
in a way to balance their own currencies
and what they hold at the given time a
lot of the Emerging Markets are holding
on to gold now more so than purchases of
US debt so things have really been
changing and one of those places where
things have changed is in the Middle
East Abu Dhabi is the world's newest
wealth Haven for billionaires
5,000 spvs as special purpose vehicles
have been set up in Abu Dhabi including
with Ray Alo so Bridgewater can set up
their own SPV they can set up a branch
there and they could take advantage of
the circumstances obviously when they
have no to low taxes when they have not
just that but the money flowing in so
what's happening here if you are an
investor if you're a person with a lot
of money you got options options you
don't have to stay in one place you
start to look not not to next year not
not two years down the road you start
looking 10 20 30 years down the road and
you start to say doesn't it make a
little bit of sense to diversify out of
where we have our cash right now does it
make sense to put all of the that in
into New York City no let's put a little
bit here let's put a little bit there
the world's changing and so we can
definitely see that that going on right
here right now okay looking at this ABW
becomes daily dils as asset managers
seek cash and so what they're saying in
this article here is before it was
difficult the money wasn't coming
through but now multiple times every
single day we are meeting with people
with lots of money and it is now on big
cash flowing into abui for obvious
reasons there's a lot of money going on
right here in this place and so this is
the United Arab Emirates this is a place
that was highly reliant on oil revenue
and at some point they said look we've
got to change this we got to diversify
let's get to tourism let's build the
tallest building let's do this let's do
all these wild things get the attention
of the world and then behind that the
money will flow in 2008 obviously they
way overbuilt they had some serious
problems with real estate but they
decided to fix that up and now now we
can see some big changes big
developments that have occurred but
what's going on here there is this
divide in between east and west and I
see that right in the Middle East with
the addition of the new countries the
brics Nations I think it is very evident
as to what's going on with Saudi Arabia
and United Arab Emirates being part of
that new inclusion new groups that have
been added now we have to talk about
this Jack Ma's big biggest e-commerce
rival is coming for Amazon little known
PDD has been surging in China now it's
te discounts app is rivaling Amazon and
Walmart in the US if you can believe it
or not and I want to take a few minutes
to talk about temu TAMU is a new Online
Marketplace with a wide range of
products at wholesale prices and they've
had this rapid growth in popularity
since they launched in September of 2022
you may have seen the advertisements all
over the place and now something has
certainly been changing where we have
this direct to Consumer model that
basically cuts out the middleman and
they've got competitive prices because
they've got this Global Network of
suppliers it's outperforming competitors
like Amazon and Walmart in app downloads
as well for myself I look at the
competitive you know nature of this as
an Amazon Seller as a Walmart seller and
you see the same product on both and T
selling it for significantly cheaper
because of this wholesale model going
direct to the consumer interactive app
features like gamification have kept
people on the site for much longer than
on Amazon and others where they're not
just there for that one purpose it's an
interesting concept I'll show you that
in the next article they just can't
compete with prime shipping when you had
this you know same day a few hours later
shipping this thing is coming from
overseas it's going to take longer they
just cannot compete there and so I think
that that's where the difference is make
sure that you do your due diligence and
ensure that what you're getting is
really what you want okay there are fake
temo sites out there you know you got to
get the actual real app itself from the
official temo company make sure that you
get that and then you basically have
this situation where they're competing
against Amazon and where I think they
can absolutely dominate is having the
lowest cost for the same quality product
that customers can get when you have
something that's better for the consumer
seems like uh a very obvious Advantage
so it looks like they will continue to
grow you could see that they are
actually actively engaging with the
consumers much more look at that they
are on the site for more than twice a
time they've got this gamification
aspect that has made it very very
interesting for them I'll tell you
something
things have certainly changed haven't
they that's that's for sure and we'll
look at that right now
today so there's this which is uh D Yin
which is this particular company it's
morphing into this is Tik Tok basically
out out of China okay it's a it's a
technically a different company it's
morphing into becoming an all-in-one
platform for built-in features for food
orders flight tickets and hotel
reservations encroaching on the main
territory of Alibaba and the liver
leader uh mwan okay pardon the
pronunciation there but abroad Tik Tok
is following that strategy to blend
videos and shopping in markets like the
United States and Indonesia so what are
they doing here if you've seen this
before it's that now you go into the app
the Tik Tock app and there's tick talk
shop and so you're going into an app
where previously you're going to scroll
for this and that now they're selling
stuff so the world of just going to one
platform for shopping it's different
it's being Blended the lines are being
blurred and the world is changing so
we've got to make sure that we're going
into this knowing everything that we
have all of the right ideas about it and
we want to be able to number one be the
smartest investors we can be so that we
can invest in the right things we got to
spend our money in the right place and
we got to save money where we can and I
got to be honest when we look at the
world today just 5 years ago very
different place that doesn't mean you
don't want exposure to the west or to
the United States or to where you are
locally you you just got to be aware of
what's going on in this world look Abu
Dhabi is the new is the world's newest
wealth Haven okay so in connection with
what we were talking about before just
the fact that so much money has been
moving into these places going away from
their oil Revenue look at what Saudi
Arabia is trying to accomplish I just
see a whole different place we're seeing
that in the e-commerce World we're
seeing that like physically where
these cities and and countries are being
built up out of what was seemingly just
a little while ago nothing okay and
things have really been changing UAE
passport is the hot golden ticket for
Global Power Players so it looks like in
some cases these countries or these
individuals are being given their golden
passports and saying hey come here if
you come here others will come here so
we want to entice you to come whether
that is DJ David geta you look around
others of course are in here they they
mentioned a few names but it's basically
just saying look we want to be something
that's influential so how do we do that
we get the big boys to come on in we
give them good things we wi and dine
them hey come on in come on in right um
but just given the passport of course
there there's certain like the locals
have one set of rules and and of course
everyone else has the others but you can
see very clearly that there has been
this courtship that has been going on a
for a little while with these countries
no question about it look at the
contracts these um football or soccer
players have been given look at what has
changed over the last few years money
has been flowing into these places and
if we're not aware of these Trends I
mean come on we're going to be left
behind and that's what we need to be
aware of okay a lot is happening we
don't want to just have our blinders on
we need to be aware of the changes that
are going on today what do you think
about this what do you think about the
circumstances of Abu Dhabi of the growth
that has happened in Dubai looking at
the United Arab Emirates looking at
these countries just a few years ago
would you have said this would you have
looked at it the same way you know while
the real estate market in most of the
world had flatlined maybe it fell down a
little bit maybe went up a little bit
was kind of muted look at Dubai look at
Abu Dhabi it's just up up up up up why
because they're basically taking money
from the whole world and say hey bring
it here we'll take it on no problem it
seems like a very different Circ and by
the way they were largely open during
2020 which benefited them to a great
degree so I want you to be aware of that
and if you want the financial education
for free that you can't get anywhere
else I give that to you through what I
call Compass free course there's no
login required there's no email required
there's no pay wall there's no nothing
you just go to the money gps.com click
on that button that says compass and
I'll take you right through I'll give
you the information that you need to
know that your family needs to know even
if you are already educated about it
it's 20 minutes a video that you go
through a bunch of really short videos
so that we can be aware of the most
important things the basics and then we
want the daily iterations as these
things are changing we got to be on top
of all of this I want to thank you for
being here to today in this video a
little bit of a different video and I
think that's important that we get the
information so that we can make the
right decisions what do you think I'll
see you on the next one take care